
# Summary
To close out this DevNet Learning Lab, this summary page hits some highlights and makes a few conclusions.

##  Network Devices: Strong Overlap in Supported Device List for Many Apps
While each app has its own list of compatible network devices, the lists for several apps list the same models of network hardware, particularly for these apps:

- Network Visibility
- Plug and Play
- EasyQoS
- Path Trace

As a result, you may have a home lab, or can build a home lab, which has a good combination of hardware and software that works with many of the APIC-EM apps. That fact enables much of the API to have meaningful data, because to make the API branches populate with meaningful data, the matching app features must work – and many of those functions require a working network device to operate against.

##  Some Older Devices Work for Some Apps
Some apps work with older network devices and OS versions. The compatible device lists discussed in the latter parts of this Learning Lab focuses on the compatible devices, but some devices and OS levels still work. In fact, much of the testing done related to this Learning Lab purposefully used:

- ISR G1 routers (1841s)
- 2960 switches

Note that with these older devices and OS versions, the Network Visibility functions (discovery and topology) worked well. However, EasyQoS would not even attempt to configure the devices.

Why mention the fact that the older gear may work? Well, if you know you will take the time and money to install APIC-EM in your lab already, and wonder how much more money to spend on your networking hardware to make it compatible, you could get started and experiment with your older gear. Get APIC-EM installed and working, discover your home lab, and see what works. That might be a workable option to save some money.

## Server Hardware for APIC-EM
Another barrier to your decision to install APIC-EM will be the cost of the server hardware to use to run APIC-EM. The next Learning Lab in this Learning Module examines the options.





